Update calling rust from frontend guide (#2426)
tauri-apps/tauri-docs: src/content/docs/develop/calling-rust.mdx

invoke('my_custom_command');
```

> When using a Rust frontend to call `invoke()` without arguments, you will need to change adapt your frontend code as below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using a Rust frontend to call `invoke()` without arguments, you will need to adapt your frontend code as below.
```
sorry I made a typo

invoke('my_custom_command');
```

> If you are using rust-based frontend and want to use `invoke()` without arguments,
> because rust doesn't support optional arguments,
> you will need to change code on your frontend from this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using a Rust frontend to call `invoke()` without arguments, you will need to change adapt your frontend code as below. The reason is that Rust doesn't support optional arguments.
```

```rust
#[wasm_bindgen]
extern "C" {
    #[wasm_bindgen(js_namespace = ["window", "__TAURI__", "core"])]
    async fn invoke(cmd: &str, args: JsValue) -> JsValue;
}
```

to this

```rust
#[wasm_bindgen]
extern "C" {
    // invoke without arguments
    #[wasm_bindgen(js_namespace = ["window", "__TAURI__", "core"], js_name = invoke)]
    async fn invoke_without_args(cmd: &str) -> JsValue;

    // invoke with arguments (default)
    #[wasm_bindgen(js_namespace = ["window", "__TAURI__", "core"])]
    async fn invoke(cmd: &str, args: JsValue) -> JsValue;

    // They need to have different names!
}

> ```

Reviewer: Do you mind adding text markers https://expressive-code.com/key-features/text-markers/ so it can be written in only one code block? 

expressive code is already part of starlight, I'm referring to add something like `ins={"3":10-12}` to highlight added and changed lines
